README.md, before:

# Intro

This repository includes a sample to:
1. Deploy a contract with FHE operations
2. Interact with it as the contract owner (i.e. call owner only functions)
3. Interact with it as a contract client (i.e. call functions as a user of the contract)

# Getting Started
You can deploy and interact with contracts via our testnet or install a single-node network on your dev machine to test locally.
## Using The Test Network
The test network is deployed and available at: https://rpc.sunscreen.tech/parasol with Chain ID 574.
## Using `Anvil` as a local testnet
First, you'll need `cargo`; if you don't have it, the easiest way is to install via `rustup`:

```sh
curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -sSf https://sh.rustup.rs | sh
```

Then you can install our foundry fork:

```sh
cargo install --git https://github.com/Sunscreen-tech/foundry --profile local forge cast anvil
```

For more info on foundry, see the official
[docs](https://book.getfoundry.sh/).

To start your a local testnet:

```sh
anvil
```

Your network is ready! You will have 10 accounts and 10 private keys available for use. If you didn't change any defaults, your network should be available at http://127.0.0.1:8545 with Chain ID 31337.

## Installing Solidity dependencies
Forge uses submodules to manage dependencies. Initialize the dependencies:

```bash
forge install --root ./contracts
```

# Testing your contract
To test your contract run:
```sh
forge test --root voting-demo-contracts/contracts
```

# Deploying A Contract
The deployment code exists in the `voting-demo-contracts` folder. <br/>
The contract we will deploy exists under the 'contracts' directory. It contains the `Ballot.sol` contract, which is the one we are deploying. 2 libraries that help provide the FHE functionality are included under the `contracts/libs` directory. These are provided for completeness sake but you don't have to modify them.
Once you have your contract written under the `contracts` directory, here are the steps to deploy them:
## To the test network
1. Install all requirements by invoking `pip install -r requirements.txt`
2. Edit config.py updated to your contract information
3. Execute `python execute.py testnet deploy`
4. The prompt will request you to fund the account (with instructions on how)
5. You are done!
## To Anvil (local network)
1. Install all requirements by invoking `pip install -r requirements.txt`
2. Edit config.py updated to your contract information
3. Execute `python execute.py local set-account **Account Address** **Account Private Key**`
4. Execute `python execute.py local deploy`
5. The prompt will request you to fund the account (with instructions on how)
6. You are done!


# Interacting As Owner
## Adding a new person to allow voting
Execute `python execute.py <testnet/local> allow-account-to-vote **Path to ABI JSON (contract.json)**  **Account to allow to vote**`
## Getting Final Vote Tally
Execute `python execute.py <testnet/local> get-results **Path to ABI JSON (contract.json)**`


# Interacting as Client
The CLI is configured under `voting-demo-client-cli/python`. <br/>
Execute `pip install -r requirements.txt`
## Configuring your account (Only for Testnets)
Execute `python client.py testnet create-account`
## Configuring your account (For Anvil)
Execute `python client.py local set-account **Account Address** **Account Private Key**`


# Configuring the ABI
Copy over the `contract.json` from the contract folder into this folder

# To Vote
Execute `python client.py <testnet/local> vote  **Path to ABI JSON (contract.json)**`

# To Delegate your vote
Execute `python client.py <testnet/local> delegate  **Path to ABI JSON (contract.json)** **Account to delegate to**`

Commit message:

Update deployment anvil deployment steps WIP

README.md, after:

# Intro

This repository includes a sample to:
1. Deploy a contract with FHE operations
2. Interact with it as the contract owner (i.e. call owner only functions)
3. Interact with it as a contract client (i.e. call functions as a user of the contract)

# Getting Started
You can deploy and interact with contracts via our testnet or install a single-node network on your dev machine to test locally.
## Using The Test Network
The test network is deployed and available at: https://rpc.sunscreen.tech/parasol with Chain ID 574.
## Using `Anvil` as a local testnet
First, you'll need `cargo`; if you don't have it, the easiest way is to install via `rustup`:

```sh
curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -sSf https://sh.rustup.rs | sh
```

Then you can install our foundry fork:

```sh
cargo install --git https://github.com/Sunscreen-tech/foundry --profile local forge cast anvil
```

For more info on foundry, see the official
[docs](https://book.getfoundry.sh/).

To start your a local testnet:

```sh
anvil
```

Your network is ready! You will have 10 accounts and 10 private keys available for use. If you didn't change any defaults, your network should be available at http://127.0.0.1:8545 with Chain ID 31337.

## Installing Solidity dependencies
Forge uses submodules to manage dependencies. Initialize the dependencies:

```bash
forge install --root ./voting-demo-contracts/contracts
```

## Install Python dependencies
```bash
pip install -r ./voting-demo-contracts/requirements.txt
pip install -r ./voting-demo-client-cli/requirements.txt
```

# Testing your contract
To test your contract run:
```sh
forge test --root voting-demo-contracts/contracts
```

# Deploying A Contract
The deployment code exists in the `voting-demo-contracts` folder. <br/>
The contract we will deploy exists under the 'contracts' directory. It contains the `Ballot.sol` contract, which is the one we are deploying. 2 libraries that help provide the FHE functionality are included under the `contracts/libs` directory. These are provided for completeness sake but you don't have to modify them.
Once you have your contract written under the `contracts` directory, here are the steps to deploy them:
## To the test network
2. Edit config.py updated to your contract information
3. Execute `python execute.py testnet deploy`
4. The prompt will request you to fund the account (with instructions on how)
5. You are done!
## To Anvil (local network)
1. Edit config.py updated to your contract information
2.
Denote the account address and private key to which you want to deploy the smart contract (running `anvil` will print these out).

Then run:
```bash
python execute.py --network local set-account --address **Account Address** --private_key **Account Private Key**
```

3. Run:
```bash
python execute.py --network local deploy
```
4. The prompt will request you to fund the account (with instructions on how)
5. You are done!


# Interacting As Owner
## Adding a new person to allow voting
Execute `python execute.py <testnet/local> allow-account-to-vote **Path to ABI JSON (contract.json)**  **Account to allow to vote**`
## Getting Final Vote Tally
Execute `python execute.py <testnet/local> get-results **Path to ABI JSON (contract.json)**`


# Interacting as Client
The CLI is configured under `voting-demo-client-cli/python`. <br/>
Execute `pip install -r requirements.txt`
## Configuring your account (Only for Testnets)
Execute `python client.py testnet create-account`
## Configuring your account (For Anvil)
Execute `python client.py local set-account **Account Address** **Account Private Key**`


# Configuring the ABI
Copy over the `contract.json` from the contract folder into this folder

# To Vote
Execute `python client.py <testnet/local> vote  **Path to ABI JSON (contract.json)**`

# To Delegate your vote
Execute `python client.py <testnet/local> delegate  **Path to ABI JSON (contract.json)** **Account to delegate to**`
